" Single panel
only

" Default editor
set vicmd=vi

" Plain text extensions
filextype *.txt vi %f

" Code extensions
filextype *.c nvim %f
filextype *.S nvim %f
filextype *.m nvim %f
filextype *.h nvim %f
filextype *.C nvim %f
filextype *.pl nvim %f
filextype *.ex nvim %f
filextype *.sh nvim %f
filextype *.cc nvim %f
filextype *.cs nvim %f
filextype *.hh nvim %f
filextype *.rs nvim %f
filextype *.c++ nvim %f
filextype *.cxx nvim %f
filextype *.cpp nvim %f
filextype *.hpp nvim %f
filextype *.vim nvim %f
filextype *.lua nvim %f
filextype *.asm nvim %f

" Binary extensions
filextype *.o bvi %f
filextype *.so bvi %f
filextype *.exe bvi %f
filextype *.dll bvi %f

" Image extensions
filextype *.png nsxiv %f
filextype *.jpg nsxiv %f
filextype *.svg nsxiv %f
filextype *.jpeg nsxiv %f

" Document extensions
filextype *.pdf zathura %f
filextype *.doc libreoffice %f
filextype *.docx libreoffice %f
filextype *.pptx libreoffice %f
